Docs  add tutorials (#2732)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/tutorials/nginx-ingress-istio.md

    port: 8080
    service: backend-svc
  routes:
  - path: "/"
    action:
      proxy:
        upstream: foo
        requestHeaders:
          set:
          - name: Host
            value: bar.example.com
```

In 1.11 release, NGINX Ingress controller will only send one host header, depending on how you configure Ingress. By default NGINX Ingress Controller will send `proxy_set_header $host`. If Ingress has been configured with `requestHeaders` per the above example, this ensures that only one set of headers will be sent to the upstream server. In short, by setting `action-proxy-requestHeaders` in the `VirtualServer` CRD, NGINX Ingress will only send the specified hears that have been defined.

Here is a standard deployment of NGINX Ingress controller without any service mesh deployed:    

{{< figure src="/docs/static/img/nginx_plain.png" >}}

![nginx-ingress](../../../docs/static/img/nginx_plain.png)

When deploying NGINX Ingress controller with Istio, you must deploy the envoy sidecar proxy into the NGINX Ingress controller pod.   
The image below is what NGINX Ingress and Istio deployment looks like:

![nginx-ingress](../../../docs/static/img/nginx-envoy.png)

> By default for NGINX Ingress Controller, we populate the upstream server addresses with the endpoint IPs of the pods. NGINX Ingress Controller 1.11 release now supports the ability to configure NGINX Ingress CRDs (virtualServer/virtualServerRoute)to use the `service/cluster IP`. Using this flag,  NGINX Ingress will generate the .conf with the `service/cluster IP` of the service in the `upstreams/servers` section, instead of pod endpoint IPs. To enable NGINX Ingress to route to the `Service IP`, we are going to use a new feature released in 1.11; [use-cluster-ip](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/virtualserver-and-virtualserverroute-resources/#upstream).   

Author: This is bit of a difficult sentence. My preference would be:
```
By default, NGINX Ingress controller populates the `upstream` `servers` with the IP address of the pod endpoint IP addresses. NGINX Ingress controller release 1.11 now supports the ability to populate the `upstream` `servers` with the `cluster-ip` for a given kubernetes service. This is accomplished using our `custom resource definitions` (virtualServer/virtualServerRoute).

Since I installed NGINX ingress and my application into the same namespace, I specified nginx-ingress with the istio-injection=enabled label on that namespace.

```
kubectl label namespace nginx-ingress istio-injection=enabled
```
 

Using kubectl we can see that the namespace for our demo (nginx-ingress) now has istio-injection=enabled specified:

```
kubectl get namespacess -A --show-labels

default                Active   28h   <none>
istio-system           Active   24h   istio-injection=disabled
kube-node-lease        Active   28h   <none>
kube-public            Active   28h   <none>
kube-system            Active   28h   <none>
kubernetes-dashboard   Active   16h   <none>
local-path-storage     Active   28h   <none>
nginx-ingress          Active   27h   istio-injection=enabled
```

After we have setup and configured Istio, we can then deploy NGINX Plus Ingress as well as our applications that will be part of the service mesh. Istio will now inject sidecar proxies based upon how we have configured Istio (namespace configuration).     
Now, our deployment will look like the following (with Envoy sidecar proxies).

![nginx-ingress](../../../docs/static/img/nic_istio_small.png)

> We can now see that after configuring Istio with the necessary pieces needed to install a sidecar proxy into the same pod as NGINX ingress, after we deploy NGINX ingress, there are two containers in the same pod for Nginx Ingress:  one is NGINX-ingress, the other is the istio sidecar proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring Istio with the pieces needed to install a sidecar proxy into the same pod as NGINX Ingress, and deploying NGINX Ingress, there are two containers in the same pod for NGINX Ingress:  one is NGINX-ingress, the other is the istio sidecar proxy.

```

nginx-ingress   nginx-ingress-5898f94c49-v4jrf            2/2     Running   1          41s
```
 

For our application, we are using two new features released in v1.11. These are avaiable in `VirtualServer/VirtualServeroute`.

Here is our VirtualServer configuration to use with Istio: (note `use-cluster-ip` and `requestHeaders`)

```
apiVersion: k8s.nginx.org/v1    
kind: VirtualServer    
metadata:    
  name: cafe    
  namespace: nginx-ingress
spec:    
  host: cafe.example.com    
  tls:    
    secret: cafe-secret    
  upstreams:    
  - name: tea    
    service: tea-svc    
    port: 80    
    use-cluster-ip: true
  - name: coffee    
    service: coffee-svc    
    port: 80    
    use-cluster-ip: true
  routes:    
  - path: /tea    
    action:
      proxy:
        upstream: tea
        requestHeaders:
          set:
          - name: Host
            value: tea-svc.nginx-ingress.svc.cluster.local
  - path: /coffee
    action:
      proxy:
        upstream: coffee
        requestHeaders:
          set:
          - name: Host
            value: coffee-svc.nginx-ingress.svc.cluster.local
```

> With our new Host header control in v1.11, when VirtualServer is configured with `requestHeaders`, the value specified will be used and `proxy_set_header $host` will NOT be used. By enabling `use-cluster-ip` to **true**, NGINX will forward requests to the service IP. In our above example, that would be `tea-svc` and `coffee-svc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With our new Host header control in v1.11, when VirtualServer is configured with `requestHeaders`, the value specified will be used, and `proxy_set_header $host` will NOT be used. By enabling `use-cluster-ip` to **true**, NGINX will forward requests to the service IP. In our above example, that would be `tea-svc` and `coffee-svc`.

```

Here is the output of `nginx -T` to show our upstreams and proxy_set_header values 

> The server in the upstream is the IP address of the service for that given application)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(The server in the upstream is the IP address of the service for that given application)

```
Missing opening parenthesis?

    }
    
    location /coffee {
 
        proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Connection $vs_connection_header;
        proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Host $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Port $server_port;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
            
        proxy_set_header Host "coffee-svc.nginx-ingress.svc.cluster.local";
    }   
}
```
Notice the abscence of `proxy_set_header $host`. This is because we are using `action-proxy-requestHeaders` option to specify what headers we want to pass to Istio sidecar. This is required by Istio.

Now we can test our NGINX Ingress with Istio setup with a simple curl request to our application.

curl -kI https://cafe.example.com/coffee
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx/1.19.5
Date: Thu, 25 Mar 2021 18:47:21 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Length: 159
Connection: keep-alive
expires: Thu, 25 Mar 2021 18:47:20 GMT
cache-control: no-cache
x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 0
x-envoy-decorator-operation: coffee-svc.nginx-ingress.svc.cluster.local:80/*
```

> We can see in the above output, our curl request is sent and received by NGINX Ingress. We can see that the envoy sidecar proxy then sends the request to the service IP to the application (coffee), with the full request being complete and correct. Now we have a full working NGINX+ Ingress with Istio as the sidecar proxies are deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above output, we can see that our curl request is sent and received by NGINX Ingress. We can see that the envoy sidecar proxy then sends the request to the service IP to the application (coffee), with the full request being complete and correct. Now we have a full working NGINX+ Ingress with Istio as the sidecar proxies are deployed.

```
